src/routes/communities/+page.md, before:

<script lang="ts">
  import Contact from '$lib/Contact.svelte';
</script>

<svelte:head>
	<title>KinkyBangkok Events</title>
	<meta name="description" content="Overview about Kinky/BDSM/Fetish Communities in Bangkok" />
</svelte:head>

# Kink Groups in Bangkok

- [Kinky Bangkok - KBK](/communities/KinkyBangkok)
  > This is us! We are a modern, young and progressive kink community in Bangkok!
- [Thailand Kink - TK](/communities/ThailandKink)
  > Thailand Kink in short TK is the oldest and maybe biggest Kink and Fetish community here in Bangkok
- [Thailand Misfits - Misfits](/communities/ThailandMisfits)
  > Thailand Misfits is one of the biggest kink communities in Bangkok. They have their own secret hideout
- [Thailand Ropey Peeps - RP](/communities/ThailandRopeyPeeps)
  > Thailand Ropey Peeps is the biggest english speaking bondage group in Bangkok. They are active on Line and FetLife

# Events/Parties

- [KinkyBKK by Pulse](/communities/PulseKinkyBKK) 
  > KinkyBKK is an event series by Pulse Clinic and targets the kinky LGBT+ community
- [Deviant Thailand](/communities/DeviantThailand)  
  > Deviant Thailand is an commercial event organizer in Bangkok with international experience
- [Kink Empire](/communities/KinkEmpire)  
  > Kink Empire is a big player in BDSM clubs and bars. They own several locations in Thailand and are dedicated to Kink and BDSM
 


<Contact />

Commit message:

Add House of Dominance on community

src/routes/communities/+page.md, after:

<script lang="ts">
  import Contact from '$lib/Contact.svelte';
</script>

<svelte:head>
	<title>KinkyBangkok Events</title>
	<meta name="description" content="Overview about Kinky/BDSM/Fetish Communities in Bangkok" />
</svelte:head>

# Kink Groups in Bangkok

- [Kinky Bangkok - KBK](/communities/KinkyBangkok)
  > This is us! We are a modern, young and progressive kink community in Bangkok!
- [Thailand Kink - TK](/communities/ThailandKink)
  > Thailand Kink in short TK is the oldest and maybe biggest Kink and Fetish community here in Bangkok
- [Thailand Misfits - Misfits](/communities/ThailandMisfits)
  > Thailand Misfits is one of the biggest kink communities in Bangkok. They have their own secret hideout
- [Thailand Ropey Peeps - RP](/communities/ThailandRopeyPeeps)
  > Thailand Ropey Peeps is the biggest english speaking bondage group in Bangkok. They are active on Line and FetLife

# Events/Parties

- [KinkyBKK by Pulse](/communities/PulseKinkyBKK) 
  > KinkyBKK is an event series by Pulse Clinic and targets the kinky LGBT+ community
- [Deviant Thailand](/communities/DeviantThailand)  
  > Deviant Thailand is an commercial event organizer in Bangkok with international experience
- [Kink Empire](/communities/KinkEmpire)  
  > Kink Empire is a big player in BDSM clubs and bars. They own several locations in Thailand and are dedicated to Kink and BDSM

# Master / Mistresses / Dominatrix

- [House of Dominance](http://thaimistress.net/)
  > Owner and Head Mistress, House of Dominance , Bangkok's most premier BDSM Dungeon 


<Contact />
