src/routes/valentinedebauchery/+page.md, before:

<script lang="ts">
  import Contact from '$lib/Contact.svelte';
  import Img from '@zerodevx/svelte-img';
  import bathub_small from '$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/bathtub_small.jpg?run';
  import bed_small from '$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/bed_small.jpg?run';
  import chair1_small from '$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/chair1_small.jpg?run';
  import chair2_small from '$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/chair2_small.jpg?run';
  import fuckmachine_small from '$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/fuckmachine_small.jpg?run';
  import flyer from '$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/Flyer_ValentineDebauchery_00.jpg?run';
  const flyerUrl = new URL('$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/Flyer_ValentineDebauchery_00_medium.jpg', import.meta.url).href
</script>

<svelte:head>
	<title>Valentine Debauchery - 11th February 2023</title>
	<meta name="description" content="Kinky Bangkok hosts a kinky BDSM sex play Party in Bangkok. It is our first big event and we are proud of our location" />
</svelte:head>

<a href={flyerUrl}><Img src={flyer} alt="Flyer" /></a>

# Valentine Debauchery
## by Kinky Bangkok
## 11th February 2023

We want to see you cum! Let's enjoy each other in kinky settings

## What we expect

We want a party with kink and sex and nice conversations  
More wet playing than usually in the kink community  
Nobody should be ashamed to have sex where they want  
Noone should be surprised of sex at this event  


## Equipment
We will provide basic equipment but feel free to bring what you want
- Toys
- Condoms
- Towels
- Snacks
- Booze


We also have a
- Fuckmachine
- A dog box 
- A trampoline

## Rooms

- Outside showers (wet play possible)
- Bathtub (wet play possible)
- Balcony for public sex
- Chillax balcony
- Big dressing room with attached bathroom and bag storage

## Location

This party is at a private property and house. Playing on the property is safe to do so  
It's not at the Supalai Elite Condo, it's just a nearby orientation point  

__MRT__: Lumphini

__Nearby__: Detached house in Sathorn

__Parking__: Free parking available for bikes and cars


## Dresscode
Dress to impress!  
You can arrive in any outfit but it is expected that you change into something nice  
The changing room is big and convenient and we have enough space to store the bags and equipment  

- No Sandals/Crocs
- No T-Shirts
- No towels only outfit

## Verification
This is a semi-public sexual play party  
If you aren't part of the Kinky community yet, we made the verification process easy - just hit us up  
Most guests are part of the Bangkok BDSM community already

FetLife event: https://fetlife.com/events/1231701 

FetLife group: https://fetlife.com/groups/251656

Questions for this event can be asked here:  
https://fetlife.com/groups/251656/posts/22372114


<Img src={bathub_small} alt="Bathtub" />
<Img src={bed_small} alt="bed" />
<Img src={chair1_small} alt="chair1" />
<Img src={chair2_small} alt="chair2" />
<Img src={fuckmachine_small} alt="fuckmachine" />

<hr>

<div class="text-center font-semibold">Want to join? Send us a message!</div>

<Contact />

Commit message:

Replace sex with carnal and sorts

src/routes/valentinedebauchery/+page.md, after:

<script lang="ts">
  import Contact from '$lib/Contact.svelte';
  import Img from '@zerodevx/svelte-img';
  import bathub_small from '$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/bathtub_small.jpg?run';
  import bed_small from '$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/bed_small.jpg?run';
  import chair1_small from '$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/chair1_small.jpg?run';
  import chair2_small from '$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/chair2_small.jpg?run';
  import fuckmachine_small from '$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/fuckmachine_small.jpg?run';
  import flyer from '$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/Flyer_ValentineDebauchery_00.jpg?run';
  const flyerUrl = new URL('$lib/assets/valentinedebauchery/Flyer_ValentineDebauchery_00_medium.jpg', import.meta.url).href
</script>

<svelte:head>
	<title>Valentine Debauchery - 11th February 2023</title>
	<meta name="description" content="Kinky Bangkok hosts a kinky BDSM carnal play Party in Bangkok. It is our first big event and we are proud of our location" />
</svelte:head>

<a href={flyerUrl}><Img src={flyer} alt="Flyer" /></a>

# Valentine Debauchery
## by Kinky Bangkok
## 11th February 2023

We want to see you cum! Let's enjoy each other in kinky settings

## What we expect

We want a party with kink and carnal satisfaction and nice conversations  
More wet playing than usually in the kink community  
Nobody should be ashamed to have rumpy pumpy where they want  
Noone should be surprised of explicit display at this event  


## Equipment
We will provide basic equipment but feel free to bring what you want
- Toys
- Condoms
- Towels
- Snacks
- Booze


We also have a
- Fucking machine
- A dog box 
- A trampoline

## Rooms

- Outside showers (wet play possible)
- Bathtub (wet play possible)
- Big Balcony
- Chillax balcony
- Big dressing room with attached bathroom and bag storage

## Location

__What__: Detached house with property

__Where__: Sathorn

__Parking__: Free parking available for bikes and cars


## Dresscode
Dress to impress!  
You can arrive in any outfit but it is expected that you change into something nice  
The changing room is big and convenient and we have enough space to store the bags and equipment  

- No Sandals/Crocs
- No T-Shirts
- No towels only outfit

## Verification
This is a more open carnal play party  
If you aren't part of the Kinky community yet, we made the verification process easy - just hit us up  
Most guests are part of the Bangkok BDSM community already

FetLife event: https://fetlife.com/events/1231701 

FetLife group: https://fetlife.com/groups/251656

Questions for this event can be asked here:  
https://fetlife.com/groups/251656/posts/22372114


<Img src={bathub_small} alt="Bathtub" />
<Img src={bed_small} alt="bed" />
<Img src={chair1_small} alt="chair1" />
<Img src={chair2_small} alt="chair2" />
<Img src={fuckmachine_small} alt="fuckmachine" />

<hr>

<div class="text-center font-semibold">Want to join? Send us a message!</div>

<Contact />
